Update 4.8.0 framework changelog (#20084)
wazuh/wazuh: CHANGELOG.md

- Added timeout and retry parameters to the VirusTotal integration. ([#16893](https://github.com/wazuh/wazuh/pull/16893))
- Extended wazuh-analysisd EPS metrics with events dropped by overload and remaining credits in the previous cycle. ([#18988](https://github.com/wazuh/wazuh/pull/18988))
- Replaced Filebeat's date index name processor. ([#19819](https://github.com/wazuh/wazuh/pull/19819))
- Updated API and framework packages installation commands to use pip instead of direct invocation of setuptools. ([#18466](https://github.com/wazuh/wazuh/pull/18466))

> - Upgrade docker-compose V1 to V2 in API Integration test scripts. ([#17750](https://github.com/wazuh/wazuh/pull/17750)) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Upgraded docker-compose V1 to V2 in API Integration test scripts. ([#17750](https://github.com/wazuh/wazuh/pull/17750)) 
```

- Refactored how cluster status dates are treated in the cluster. ([#17015](https://github.com/wazuh/wazuh/pull/17015))

#### Fixed

> - Delete cluster temporary files when the connection between a worker and a master is broken. ([#17886](https://github.com/wazuh/wazuh/pull/17886))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Forced the deletion of cluster temporary files when the connection between a worker and a master is broken. ([#17886](https://github.com/wazuh/wazuh/pull/17886))
```

or

```suggestion
- Updated cluster connection cleanup to remove temporary files when the connection between a worker and a master is broken. ([#17886](https://github.com/wazuh/wazuh/pull/17886))
```

- Fixed Solaris 10 name not showing in the Dashboard. ([#18642](https://github.com/wazuh/wazuh/pull/18642))

### RESTful API

#### Added

- Added new `GET /manager/version/check` endpoint to obtain information about new releases of Wazuh. ([#19952](https://github.com/wazuh/wazuh/pull/19952))

#### Removed

- Removed `PUT /vulnerability`, `GET /vulnerability/{agent_id}`, `GET /vulnerability/{agent_id}/last_scan` and `GET /vulnerability/{agent_id}/summary/{field}` API endpoints as they were deprecated in version 4.7.0. Use the Wazuh indexer REST API instead. ([#20119](https://github.com/wazuh/wazuh/pull/20119))

### Other

#### Changed

- Upgraded external aiohttp library dependency version to 3.8.5. ([#20003](https://github.com/wazuh/wazuh/pull/20003))
- Upgraded external cryptography library dependency version to 41.0.4. ([#20003](https://github.com/wazuh/wazuh/pull/20003))
- Upgraded external numpy library dependency version to 1.26.0. ([#20003](https://github.com/wazuh/wazuh/pull/20003))
- Upgraded external grpcio library dependency version to 1.58.0. ([#20003](https://github.com/wazuh/wazuh/pull/20003))

> - Upgraded embedded Python version to 3.10.13. ([#20003](https://github.com/wazuh/wazuh/pull/20003))

Reviewer: There were more dependencies upgrades, but I'm assuming we just include the more relevant ones or the ones that fixed a vulnerability?

Author: That's right, I only included some of them, especially those that fixed vulnerabilities that are not already being fixed in 4.7.1.
